[polaris.shopify.com] Add link to component lifecycle in alpha banner (#8225)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/components/alpha-stack.md

  - layout
status:
  value: Alpha

>   message: This component and its documentation is in development. There could be breaking changes made to it in a non-major release of Polaris. Please use with caution. To learn more please read about our [component lifecycle](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).

Author: we cool with this message?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [component lifecycle](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
```

>   message: This component and its documentation is in development. There could be breaking changes made to it in a non-major release of Polaris. Please use with caution. To learn more please read our [Component lifecycle resource](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).

Author: we cool with this message?
